hey this is pressure Walker reminding
you to mind your decisions I saw this
test for geniuses on puzzling Stack
Exchange and while I didn't figure it
out I thought it was a fun problem in
the following shapes which of the
following four shapes best fits where
the question mark is give it a try and
when you're ready keep watching the
video for the answer in these types of
problems there are arguably many correct
answers but here's the solution that
many people thought was the best fit the
key is looking at each shape like a
jigsaw piece you might start to see how
the pieces fit together the second row
is a little bit trickier the pieces fit
vertically we can then put all of the
pieces together so which piece is the
best fit we want this to fit at the very
end so let's take a look
we'll try each piece and we only get one
piece that's a perfect fit and that's
our answer shape B thanks for watching
these videos available for free on
youtube build confidence for students
and inspire mathematical discovery for
viewers around the world they have over
850 million views and the channel has
over 1 million subscribers thanks for
watching and thanks for your support
[Music]
you